packages/graph-endpoints/README.md, before:

# Teams: Graph Endpoints, V1.0 Schema

<p>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints/latest" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints?activeTab=code" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/min/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints?activeTab=dependencies" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/librariesio/release/npm/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://microsoft.github.io/teams-sdk" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/📖 docs-open-blue" />
    </a>
</p>

A collection of strongly typed request configuration builders for Microsoft Graph endpoints, designed to be used
together with <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph" target="_blank">@microsoft/teams.graph</a>.

Use this package to call Microsoft Graph APIs that have reached general availability (GA), and have gone through a rigorous review-and-feedback process with customers to meet practical, production needs.

<a href="https://microsoft.github.io/teams-sdk" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/📖 Getting Started-blue?style=for-the-badge" />
</a>

## Install

```bash
$: npm install @microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints
```

## Links

- [Microsoft Graph REST API v1.0 endpoint reference](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/overview?view=graph-rest-1.0)

## Dependencies

- None

Commit message:

Updated Graph Endpoints from latest schema (commit 04e061a) (#390)
This updates the Graph Endpoints schema from the latest published
schema.

I added the schema commit hash to the readme that gets published to NPM.
Besides that, all code changes in this PR were auto-generated from the
existing scripts.

packages/graph-endpoints/README.md, after:

# Teams: Graph Endpoints, V1.0 Schema

<p>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints/latest" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints?activeTab=code" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/min/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints?activeTab=dependencies" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/librariesio/release/npm/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://microsoft.github.io/teams-sdk" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/📖 docs-open-blue" />
    </a>
</p>

A collection of strongly typed request configuration builders for Microsoft Graph endpoints, designed to be used
together with <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph" target="_blank">@microsoft/teams.graph</a>.

The code in this package is based on the Graph schema published in commit <a href="https://github.com/microsoftgraph/msgraph-metadata/blob/04e061aae911c49242ecba96a5368bf35763b321/openapi/v1.0/openapi.yaml">04e061a</a>.

Use this package to call Microsoft Graph APIs that have reached general availability (GA), and have gone through a rigorous review-and-feedback process with customers to meet practical, production needs.

<a href="https://microsoft.github.io/teams-sdk" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/📖 Getting Started-blue?style=for-the-badge" />
</a>

## Install

```bash
$: npm install @microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints
```

## Links

- [Microsoft Graph REST API v1.0 endpoint reference](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/overview?view=graph-rest-1.0)

## Dependencies

- None
