packages/graph-endpoints-beta/README.md, before:

# Teams: Graph Endpoints, Beta Schema

<p>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints-beta" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints-beta/latest" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints-beta?activeTab=code" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/min/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints-beta" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints-beta?activeTab=dependencies" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/librariesio/release/npm/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints-beta" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints-beta" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints-beta" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://microsoft.github.io/teams-sdk" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/📖 docs-open-blue" />
    </a>
</p>

A collection of strongly typed request configuration builders for Microsoft Graph preview endpoints, designed to be used
together with <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph" target="_blank">@microsoft/teams.graph</a>.

Use this package if you need to call Microsoft Graph APIs that are still in preview. Note that these APIs are subject to
change. We don't recommend that you use them in your production apps.

To use APIs that are generally available, please refer to <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints" target="_blank">@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints</a>.

<a href="https://microsoft.github.io/teams-sdk" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/📖 Getting Started-blue?style=for-the-badge" />
</a>

## Install

```bash
$: npm install @microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints-beta
```

## Links

- [Microsoft Graph REST API beta endpoint reference](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/overview?view=graph-rest-beta)

## Dependencies

- None

Commit message:

Updated Graph Endpoints from latest schema (commit 08ecd2f) (#391)
This updates the Graph Beta Endpoints schema from the latest published
schema.

I added the schema commit hash to the readme that gets published to NPM.
Besides that, all code changes in this PR were auto-generated from the
existing scripts.

packages/graph-endpoints-beta/README.md, after:

# Teams: Graph Endpoints, Beta Schema

<p>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints-beta" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints-beta/latest" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints-beta?activeTab=code" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/min/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints-beta" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints-beta?activeTab=dependencies" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/librariesio/release/npm/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints-beta" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints-beta" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints-beta" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://microsoft.github.io/teams-sdk" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/📖 docs-open-blue" />
    </a>
</p>

A collection of strongly typed request configuration builders for Microsoft Graph preview endpoints, designed to be used
together with <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph" target="_blank">@microsoft/teams.graph</a>.

The code in this package is based on the Graph schema published in commit <a href="https://github.com/microsoftgraph/msgraph-metadata/blob/08ecd2f8597b074d8e65927900fc8a63ca39c8a7/openapi/beta/openapi.yaml">08ecd2f</a>.

Use this package if you need to call Microsoft Graph APIs that are still in preview. Note that these APIs are subject to
change. We don't recommend that you use them in your production apps.

To use APIs that are generally available, please refer to <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints" target="_blank">@microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints</a>.

<a href="https://microsoft.github.io/teams-sdk" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/📖 Getting Started-blue?style=for-the-badge" />
</a>

## Install

```bash
$: npm install @microsoft/teams.graph-endpoints-beta
```

## Links

- [Microsoft Graph REST API beta endpoint reference](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/overview?view=graph-rest-beta)

## Dependencies

- None
